Arguments to "flutter create" command (#5959)
flutter/website: src/docs/get-started/test-drive/_terminal.md

$ cd myapp
```

> It is also possible to pass more arguments to `flutter create`, such as the project name (*pubspec.yml*), the oraganization or the programming language used for the native platform:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is also possible to pass other arguments to `flutter create`,
such as the project name (*pubspec.yml*), the organization name,
or to specify the programming language used for the native platform:
```
